feat(http): Add pages for Service Workers (#37230)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/service_worker_api/using_service_workers/index.md

#### Why is my service worker failing to register?

A service worker fails to register for one of the following reasons:

- You are not running your application in a [secure context](/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts) (over HTTPS).
- The path of the service worker file is incorrect.
  The path must be relative to the origin, not an app's root directory.

>   In our example, the worker is at `https://bncb2v.csb.app/sw.js`, and the app's root is `https://bncb2v.csb.app/`, so the service worker must be `/sw.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In our example, the worker is at `https://bncb2v.csb.app/sw.js`, and the app's root is `https://bncb2v.csb.app/`, so the service worker must be specified as `/sw.js`.
```

- The path to your service worker points to a service worker of a different origin to your app.

> - The service worker registration contained a `scope` option broader than permitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The service worker registration contains a `scope` option broader than permitted by the worker path.
```

>   The maximum scope for a service worker is the directory where the worker is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The default scope for a service worker is the directory where the worker is located.
```

>   In other words, if the script `sw.js` is located in `/js/sw.js`, it can only control URLs under `/js/` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In other words, if the script `sw.js` is located in `/js/sw.js`, it can only control URLs in (or nested within) the `/js/` path by default.
```

>   The maximum scope for a service worker can be broadened with the {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The scope for a service worker can be broadened (or narrowed) with the {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header.
```

- Browser-specific settings are enabled, such as blocking all cookies, private browsing mode, automatic cookie deletion on close, etc.

>   See [serviceWorker.register() browser compatibility](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerContainer/register#browser_compatibility) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [`serviceWorker.register()` browser compatibility](/en-US/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerContainer/register#browser_compatibility) for more information.
```

- The path to your service worker file is not written correctly — it needs to be written relative to the origin, not your app's root directory. In our example, the worker is at `https://bncb2v.csb.app/sw.js`, and the app's root is `https://bncb2v.csb.app/`. But the path needs to be written as `/sw.js`.
- It is also not allowed to point to a service worker of a different origin than that of your app.
- The service worker will only catch requests from clients under the service worker's scope.

> - The max scope for a service worker is the location of the worker (in other words if the script `sw.js` is located in `/js/sw.js`, it can only control URLs under `/js/` by default). A list of max scopes for that worker can be specified with the {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header.

Reviewer: Is this really "A list of max scopes"? The header docs you created say it is just one. Assuming just one, maybe

```suggestion
- The default scope for a service worker is the location of the worker (in other words if the script `sw.js` is located in `/js/sw.js`, it can only control URLs under `/js/` by default).
  The scope for a worker can be broadened outside of URL defined by the worker location using the {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header.
```

> - The max scope for a service worker is the location of the worker (in other words if the script `sw.js` is located in `/js/sw.js`, it can only control URLs under `/js/` by default). A list of max scopes for that worker can be specified with the {{HTTPHeader("Service-Worker-Allowed")}} header.

Reviewer: GitHub won't allow me to comment this, but:
1. These points should be worded as reasons "i.e. you have done this wrong thing", whereas this is a mix of things you can't do and you have done this wrong thing
2. This says "A list of max scopes"? The header docs you created say it is just one.

The list needs to rewritten consistently

Author: >whereas this is a mix of things you can't do and you have done this wrong thing

I understand, I'll need to zoom out a little on the prose here and revisit, as I only linked.

>This says "A list of max scopes"?

I missed that, I believe it's wrong. I'll need to check, though.

Author: Improved in f6de952ce2de0fcb657e5f0124274b79de12c157 although it could probably be better, I'll need to add the BCD for these.

- In Firefox, Service Worker APIs are hidden and cannot be used when the user is in [private browsing mode](https://bugzil.la/1320796), or when history is disabled, or if cookies are cleared when Firefox is closed.

> - In Chrome, registration fails when the "Block all cookies (not recommended)" option is enabled.

Reviewer: Move this into BCD?

Author: Good 👍🏻

Author: see f6de952ce2de0fcb657e5f0124274b79de12c157
